SYNTHETIC — before · tree b03431d2 · store showcase · 448-B1 · 1440x900
URL: http://127.0.0.1:8791/
Element: viewport
Focused: <button class="gf-btn gf-utility-close" data-utility-close=""> "Close"
Note: Glossary → the Episode Log group at its Quiet entry

Harmonic
ADVISORY
Diagnose
Changes
Day
＋
Log carbs
WINDOW
Overnight
Morning
Afternoon
Evening
24 h
GLUCOSE BY TIME OF DAY
pooled from 30 captured CGM days · ±45 min
All charts
Basal slots
lower
2
hold
41
no data
5
BASAL 03:00 TO 04:00
One cautious step down is supported at this time.
Delivered below the programmed rate across 30 steady nights.
Full
Keep
GLOSSARY
terms used in this app
Close
BASAL
Basal rateU/h
The continuous background insulin Control-IQ delivers between meals and corrections.
Programmed basalU/h
The rate set in your pump's profile for a given time of day.
Delivered basalU/h
What Control-IQ actually delivered, which can differ from the programmed rate when the algorithm adjusts up, down, or suspends.
Clean window
A stretch of time used as evidence because it wasn't disturbed by a recent bolus, meal, or algorithm correction — so the delivered basal reflects the profile setting, not a reaction to something else.
CORRECTION FACTOR
Correction factorISF · mg/dL per U — Insulin Sensitivity Factor
How much one unit of insulin is expected to lower blood glucose. A lower number means more insulin is needed to correct the same rise.
Wide CI
A confidence interval (see CI below) wide enough that the estimate is uncertain — flagged so you know to weight it less.
CARB RATIO
Carb ratioI:C · g/U — Insulin-to-Carb ratio
How many grams of carbohydrate one unit of insulin covers. A lower number means more insulin is needed per gram of carbs.
GENERAL
CI
Confidence interval — the range an estimate is likely to fall within given the data available. Narrower means more reliable.
Epoch
A stretch over which a pump setting appears unchanged. Basal setting epochs can narrow basal measurement windows; ISF/I:C measurements use the full requested window and keep setting epochs as caveats/settling context.
CGM
Continuous Glucose Monitor — the sensor providing the glucose readings shown throughout this app.
BolusU
A single dose of insulin given for a meal or to correct a high, as opposed to the continuous basal rate.
IOB
Insulin On Board — insulin already delivered that is still active in the body.
EPISODE LOG
Finding
One behavioral observation and the evidence behind it. On Day, the Findings band lists the anchors of each episode the engine attributed to a Lever: the anchor that drove the episode, marked finding, and any anchor it claimed. Each such episode is one occurrence of its Lever's Finding, so the caption counts distinct Findings, never rows or episodes: two episodes attributed to the same Lever count once. Claimed anchors are counted beside it, never added in.
Claimed
An anchor that belongs to an episode another Finding owns — that shared fact is the whole meaning of the word. On Day, the row separately names what the anchor matched on its own, then ends with the Finding that owns its episode. On Diagnose, a claimed occurrence is one whose own Finding's criterion was not met while another Lever drove the episode. The two views keep those meanings distinct.
Also checked
Anchors the engine judged and stayed silent on for a reason worth reading, such as falling just under a Lever's bar. They are not Findings; they stay in view because a near-miss is where a mis-set threshold hides.
Quiet
The rest of the day's anchors, folded into one stretch and counted rather than listed: clean (the behavior plainly did not happen), explained (a recent low or a defensive suspend already explains the move) and no data (too little recorded to judge).
Advisory only — review with your clinician before changing pump settings.
Carb questions
0
Guide
Settings
Glossary
